- Hollywood - contestants we fight
against each other for the right to win
$100,000 on the $100,000 names are
damn fire
where
Oh
Haggar
is Sylvia back
$100,000 I can't blame them for that
well whichever one of you wins tonight
will return to compete and our $100,000
playoff more about that a little bit
later on right now let's get started
I say let's get started with Melanie
let's look at that if it ends up right
there that means you would only win
$1,000 but also these prizes yes you'll
be Windsor Mac I have your video this
lightweight hat the whole video unit
with VHS format boasts a host of
features that racially added dimension
of portability akai for the best thing
next year DV and also from a guy estate
it's a compact lightweight color video
camera features a six to one
Mike recorded by chronic you find
original playback a guide on the road
why the home entertainment product or
your choice of the all-new law or at the
AL of authorities graduated keys in the
life pecan cabinets or the Lowry
festivals where the famous magic Genie
for what's being reports because if
factory where the breaking unique temple
story one of America's largest selling
home organs
mattoon
$500 that's $100 bill run a 2 a 3 and a
5 that's how we play the game remember
it's the best out of five we're gonna
let you catch your breath we'll be right
back
consideration of knowledge without
together as a family coffee goodbye
outstanding economies with traditional
quality given to a doctor to tender
private for all it's worth and Turtle
Wax the pros largest selling liquid
Turtle Wax super hard shell car wax kids
please practice skills in the shine and
take off with American Tourister style
sleek design now I can form smart
looking lightweight older luggage
American tour to make traveling elegance
effortless experience under Washington
Ford's service for 12 it stainless steel
flatware roller classic elegance plenty
modern simplicity people to delicately
be the porter or verified stainless
steel by washington thorns and thistles
new broom picks up dirt leonard raisins
glitter problem carpenter bare floor
corner brushes leaves baseboard missiles
new room
see what happened
boy
over three is six so for $600 in a name
Mattoon
hurt so bad yeah one two three four five
six hundred here five over we have one
tuna fish this is the third spin of the
wheel this thing is getting too easy
we go
so for $500 we're gonna name that tune
that's is the end of the five visions
one
and you just even messed up by you don't
even bother to stack them up look at
that all that money alright it's two for
Sylvia one for Ken hey wait I didn't say
put in your pocket you put it out there
Ryder clear I don't want to follow you
can do with it alright its to pursue via
one for Ken here we go the next bit of
the wheel
400 dollars and also a great prize
namely a video tape recorder and a video
camera listen now and name mattoon
that's right good girl
you get four hundred dollars one two
three
you also won the video tape recorder and
you won the video camera and not only
that but you won the round and you get
the first remember tonight was after a
$100,000 playoff and we'll be right back